README.md, before:

U-ai

A small Rust-based AI engine with optional external entropy seeding.

Overview

This project implements a minimal neural network and tokenizer in pure Rust.  
It can optionally pull entropy from an external entropy source (such as a lava-lamp webcam appliance) and use it to seed a ChaCha20 RNG for sampling tokens.

Features

• Pure Rust inference code (no Python dependencies)  
• Simple feedforward network architecture  
• Byte-level tokenizer  
• Optional entropy-driven RNG sampler  
• Lightweight and portable for experimentation on mobile or embedded devices

Building

cargo build --release

Running

./target/release/uai

Entropy Integration

If an entropy server is reachable at:
http://127.0.0.1:8080/entropy

The model’s random sampling uses ChaCha20 seeded from real-world entropy.  

If the server is unavailable, it falls back to a local random seed.

Project Structure

src/
  model/        – neural network and layers
  tokenizer/    – byte tokenizer
  entropy/      – fetch and sampler modules
  main.rs       – entry point

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity on U-ai features
Updated project description and features in README.md to clarify functionality and integration of external entropy.

README.md, after:

U-ai

A compact Rust neural network experiment with external entropy integration.

Overview

U-ai is a minimal Rust-based neural network used for experimentation and growth. It now supports sampling tokens using an external entropy source (like the lava-lamp webcam entropy appliance) to improve non-deterministic behavior.

Entropy Integration

The model can read entropy chunks from an HTTP endpoint and uses them to seed a ChaCha20 RNG. If entropy is unavailable, it falls back to local randomness.

Usage

cargo build --release
./target/release/uai

Entropy Endpoint

U-ai expects an entropy URL at:
http://127.0.0.1:8080/entropy

If running on a different device, adjust the URL in:
src/entropy_sampler.rs

Project Structure

src/
  model/                — neural network code
  entropy_sampler.rs    — RNG seeded by external entropy
  entropy/client.rs     — fetches entropy via HTTP
  tokenizer/            — byte-level tokenizer
  layers/               — tensor and linear layers

Goal

Keep the system small, understandable, and hackable while experimenting with improved randomness, sampling strategies, and offline AI behavior.
